California officials have ordered an entire town to evacuate as "conditions have worsened" in wildfires that have now killed 26 people.

All residents of Calistoga were directed to leave the area on Wednesday night, Napa County officials said.

About 60 prison inmates have joined hard-pressed firefighters in battling the fast-moving blazes, the state fire chief says.

Among the areas scorched by the 22 blazes are marijuana farms.
'Explosive vegetation'

On Thursday morning, Sonoma County Sheriff Rob Giordano said 463 people are still unaccounted for.

Nine hundred people have been reported missing since the fire started on Sunday night, but a large number have been located, he added.

The night before, all 5,000 residents of Calistoga, in Napa County, were told to leave as police blocked traffic from approaching the area.

Geyserville, a town of around 800 people, and the community of Boyes Hot Springs, both in Sonoma, were also evacuated.

"It's going to continue to get worse before it gets better," state fire Chief Ken Pimlott said.

He warned that the death toll could rise further.

"We are still impacted by five years of drought," he added.

"These fires were driven by the critically dry fuel bed. We are literally looking at explosive vegetation."

The wildfires, fanned by 50mph (80km/h) wind gusts, have razed more than 3,500 buildings and homes spanning 170,000 acres (68,800 hectares).
Renewed high winds are fanning the "catastrophic" blazes, said state fire officials, which were spreading unpredictably in their fourth day.

Firefighters are going door to door in the state's wine-producing region, evacuating those left behind ahead of the next wave of blazes.

Some homeowners complained that the flames had reached their doors ahead of any official warnings.

Many residents did not receive notifications on their mobile phones, similar to the Amber Alert issued for missing children.

Sheriff Giordano said Sonoma County uses a system that requires sign-up to receive such messages.
